everyone we're going on a road trip road
trip vacation and Bonnie had a great day
in class she made a new friend I want
you to meet four key
he's a spool is attacking me hey I was
there for suit salad maybe chili I am
NOT a toy we can get it back Bonnie
needs her favorite toy what do you hold
on
[Music]
why do I have to be a toy you have to
understand how lucky you are to belong
to a child ha Karimi No
let's go class how am I gonna find woody
[Music]
hey kid step right up get yourself a
real Buzz Lightyear if there's one thing
I know it's that a toys job kaboom
has never done
hey up here astroboy if you think you
can just show up and take our top prize
spots your room dead wrong help me get
out of here
[Music]